Create b2b-operations.md (#7808)
auth0/docs: articles/architecture-scenarios/_includes/_operations/_introduction.md

*	Can I scan Auth0 logs to determine if peak loads in my application trigger any rate limits or other errors?
*	What email services should I be using to support production volumes of email messages to users? Why can’t I use Auth0's out-of-box email provider in my production environment?
*	Why would I need to configure my firewall, and what firewall ports will I need to open for internal services that need to receive communications from Auth0 (such as custom databases, web services, and email servers)?
<% if (platform === "b2b") { %>

> * Will you want to provide self-service provisioning of your customer organization IDPs?

Reviewer: For consistency I think we should follow the "first person" strategy adopted in all the other bullet points as opposed to switching to "second person" (just for this one). I also feel this bullet point could be a little clearer

How about something like the following (for example):

```suggestion
Will I need to provide self-service provisioning for my customer, so that they can configure use of their own organizational IdPs (Identity Providers)?
```

Author: Added to separate PR

Out-of-box, Auth0 provides email delivery services to help you accelerate your integration. These services, however, are not meant for scale-of-use in production environments, and do not provide for any specific service level or guarantee when it comes to email delivery. Our best practice recommendation, which customers typically follow, involves configuring your own [email service provider](#email-provider-setup).

You may also need to make changes to [infrastructure](#infrastructure) configuration in order to support integration with Auth0 and to support use of Auth0 extensibility. For example, if you need to provide callbacks to your internal or even external infrastructure (e.g., if you need to make external API calls in Rules or Hooks, or via custom database scripts if you need to leverage existing legacy identity storage), then you may need to configure your Firewall settings.

<% if (platform === "b2b") { %>

> Some Auth0 customers have invested in creating a self-service portal for the admins for their customer’s organizations to be able to configure the IDP for that organization.  For more information see [Self-Service IDP Provisioning](#self-service-idp-provisioning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, there are many cases where Auth0 customers have invested in developing one or more self-service portals for use by the admins associated with their customer’s organizations. Amongst other things, this provides their customer's with [self-service capability for configuring Identity Providers (IdPs)](#self-service-idp-provisioning) for their own organizations.
```

Author: Added to separate PR
